You are about to become my Fuso children
Now if someone surrenders early
I have preferential treatment
Adults and children are willing to defect to Fuso
I would like to be your dog
Zhou Heng, you bastard
To be the enemy's dog in order to survive
What a shame for lobsters
How can our lobster have a beast like you?
What do you know?
I'm asking the teacher to hit me sick
Flower girl is good
I have to like it
Hahahahahahahaha
Hahahaha
Hahahahaha
Lord, you bastard
Sun Ya, you are wrong
I'll tell you what.
You are just not my plaything
Blame yourself for being vain
For my future
Just sacrifice it
Zhou Heng
You don't have the responsibilities and responsibilities that a man should have
When you're such a scumbag
Turns out I've always been on the wrong side
I was so stupid.
Ruined such a good marriage with my own hands
You are brave
How dare you take advantage of the fire to rob my dragon
When there is no one in heaven?
Sir, this kid is another waste
I don't know what kind of shit luck I got
Now that you have obtained the Heaven Dou God Realm
But here dogs are powerful
Fear nothing
These beasts